documentation for opensearch multi env configuration (#3592)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/graphql-transformer/searchable.mdx

- `@searchable` is not compatible with Amazon ElasticSearch t2.micro instance as it only works with ElasticSearch version 1.5 and 2.3 and Amplify CLI only supports instances with ElasticSearch version >= 6.x.
- `@searchable` is not compatible with the @connection directive
- Support for adding the `@searchable` directive does not yet provide automatic indexing for any existing data to OpenSearch. View the feature request [here](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-cli/issues/98).

> - `T2.small` OpenSearch instance type is not recommended to be used in a production environment.

Reviewer: isn't it lower case "t2"?

Author: updated

### Configure environment OpenSearch instance type

> By default Amplify CLI will configure a `T2.small` instance type. This is not recommended to be used in the production environment as per the OpenSearch [best practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/bp.html).

Reviewer: Same question as above, shouldn't it be lower case "t2"?

> By default Amplify CLI will configure a `T2.small` instance type. This is not recommended to be used in the production environment as per the OpenSearch [best practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/bp.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Amplify CLI will configure a `T2.small` instance type. This is great for getting started and prototyping BUT not recommended to be used in the production environment per the OpenSearch [best practices](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/bp.html).
```

> You can configure the OpenSearch instance type per environment as follows.

Reviewer 2: as `follows:` ?

> 1. Run `amplify env add` and set up an environment (e.g. "prod")

Reviewer 2: "to create a new environment (e.g. "prod")" ?

2. Edit the `amplify/team-provider-info.json` file and set `ElasticSearchInstanceType` to the instance type that works for your application
```json
  {
    "dev": {
      "categories": {
        "api": {
          "<your-api-name>" : {
            "ElasticSearchInstanceType": "t2.small.elasticsearch"
          }
        }
      }
    },
    "prod": {
      "categories": {
        "api": {
          "<your-api-name>" : {
            "ElasticSearchInstanceType": "t2.medium.elasticsearch"
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
```
3. Deploy your changes with `amplify push`

> You can find more information about Amazon OpenSearch Service supported instance types [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/supported-instance-types.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about Amazon OpenSearch Service instance types [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/supported-instance-types.html).
```
